how are we evolving as a society generationally how have the
things in the last 30 years
I think that you can not count on are the achievements that we lack good I think that
we have come a long way to start we are here the ones presented and this is
a very important thing and a past that does is congratulate
the 13
is another 45 years old but I have news of women
that now I would have 70 80 years that were absolutely so unpopular within
certain groups the issue with lesbians is that I was in the
private sphere for example in the mass well in pieces in their houses and you're in
the beach and pool
and more and more to a nightclub in downtown Lima
made much more permeable among social classes everything is a
university professor like china
st because they are going
to the public space and sti his way of courting cc but among other things
has advanced a lot now we have nightclub of chinitas cafes for girls
espases on the internet there is one believes that we see it sexual that leads
necessarily to something
the hidden promiscuous
efe anyway aba then the story she but between my compound
this happened but not chronic because being gay is not because of promiscuity
there are all groups we all understand a part of this type
of the season espinoza
we always do nothing more murderous I have
girlfriend after girlfriend but I do not have at once because it comes back to life is inviolable
that the old
but today I do not think
people having arrived as laden reaches the time when they will not return
a woman and a man called a girl is more than enough but believe
that it's easier for us to accept a lesbian as sexual
unfortunately are not real there we have
on the subject makes it very domestic the matter we have advantage by
about men who are always usually can stay to sleep in
the family home has given Saturday
but the advancement of the circus, despite that, is not a problem.
it affects socially speaking here to see me in hand with sebastián and sebastián
hand in hand with Carmen the three of them walking down the street
it's more acceptable or better view than seeing I'm still thin a couple of guys
hand in hand with a doctor with a creature not the night until in such a
time between agrees or not we have advantage but it depends on the place because we are
speaking right now that we are in Lima however I know of people and
villain is that they are standing or ura that are in arequipa that are in several
parts of the country and that has suffered violences amauri arriaga were seen
They bet ECLAC the lehendakari for art the anses the pope week to a
person to rape the daughter to fix it
dare stupid currently exists that currently exists not as it happens with
the guys who take him out
the mother does not
They wait to die to see if you learn the same with the girls they send them
art
that's why the session was going
the previous thing to the schism things that are important that it appears at this point
of the world
in radial as quality and of a whole sexual that will intervene is important
to create the identity and for people to understand
but first we have a society in which we are all together as the
mazamorra purple and the narco and milk the good oil
only shadows and people like you showed and yes no
I do not understand is that there is no
but you have to talk it so you know for yourself
there are a lot of people who keep thinking like that and we left the program thank you very much
to the reserves extremely interesting scribes 3 dion under g parish spirit
touched a pt point until next time